Continuing on from the last video.
Now let's look at Merge lead to add another method to this segment, the same, for example, Rojava
and the price that down the bottom.
Can see the method, their test Bourges.
Or so good examples of using Mirch in this method specifically is in key value if the key doesn't exist
at the entry using key and the value path to the merge method.
And again, you key value of the key exists and the Vellis know is a valid pass to the merge method
to obtain the value.
Another example, the key exists in the palace, not now to execute the function past to return.
There is not now update the value if returned value is now removed.
The entry from the Met.
And towards the bottom are using replaceable to replace all values in a map and specifically what I'm
doing there is already the number one to all the values.
If a valley is set closer to zero, they've had not tested for Nalanda provided lambda expression and
now pointer exception would have been thrown.
All right, let's go back up to our main method.
Well, let's go to test this method.
So the output, this additional segment of code confirms that much as an entry, if it doesn't exist
and uses the second argument as the value in that scenario.
We also confirm that merge updates entry, if it does exist, is in the operation in the third argument
to get the value.
And thirdly, merge removes the entry to value from the third operation returns to now.
All right.
So now let's look at some of the methods on map that create sets, some of the entries, keys and values
in a new class for this one.
We'll call this one map set examples.
I could see he was turning out a new tree map and our main method, and specifically we're using constructor
that takes a map.
The map is created from a static method unmap, mapped out of, as you can see there, being invoked
on line 17.
That uses a comma delimited list representing the key valley pairs to create a map for the method of
method creates an immutable list, passing an immutable map to constructor of a map.
It is the values of the map passed to create a new mutable map.
But the next.
Missing the entry set method to get a set of the key valley entries, this set is a view many changes
to the set, actually a change to the map, although add an add on.
I'm not supported here, so let's run this.
And as you can see there, nothing changed.
So why didn't it change?
Because our collection is an entry set, we must match on the object in the set, so I need to use the
removed method, the method entry object specifying the key and valued.
I can get an instance of an entry using a static factory method method entry which was introduced in
Java.
Not so.
Let's have a look at doing that.
In a post in his code, the bottom of our main method, and you can see what I'm doing there.
Meeting instances retrieved from the entry invocations to specify the entry that I want removed to remove
my entry, the key in the valley must match.
I can see in the first attempt there are 30.
I'm trying to remove a key value pair of John and the number twenty five and in the second John and
thirty five.
Looking at our entries, we can say that the correct entry for John is 34.
So if you run this now.
So I can say in the first example.
Passing the key, John and the Valley 25 had no effect, but when I used the exact match for key and
value, the element was successfully removed from the map.
And we say that in the last line of output.
But Sarovar, let's play some more code in here to the main method in the bottom.
I'll just accept as imports.
So in this code, I now get a collection of just the Map Valley's first and then removed by a value
matching twenty three.
You can say that on line thirty nine, I can then get a collection of just the cable.
And then in fact, the removed method is Mary.
So obviously, looking at the entries up here, Rob has a value of twenty three, so if we run this
now.
You say that both of those removal methods have worked, so we removed an entry from the map to using
a remove method on the Valley's collection path to get a value that was an entry in the map.
Then I removed an entry from the map using a remote method on the case collection, passing in a key
that was a key of an entry in the map.
But let's add some more code to my method.
As you can see, the segment code has three more values to the map, and yet the site's not on the map,
but of the collection keys.
So we can see now the map contains five elements that the size of the case, a collection, is also
five, so that changes to the map are reflected in the collection views.
Let's use retain all now.
I'm going to come down here and paste in some code.
To run this.
And we can see they have put right to the bottom.
So remember that retitle first identifies the intersection of elements and keeps those that intersect.
But you'll also note that you could perform operations on the map, then continue to perform operations
on the set.
So the changes here are reflected in both references.
Now, this is true as long as the collection returned from entry set Kasit and Valleys is not iterating
from the source map is altered.
All right, just a bit more code here.
If you try to run this now.
You could say we had a concurrent modification exception, and the reason for that is I'm altering the
source about the treatment while I'm iterating through the case collection I retrieved from this source,
hence the error.
So I'll just remove that last for loop.
That's again, posting some code.
So this is demonstrating the mapped out copy of static method introduced in Java, 10 of these statements
look very similar and you can imagine it could easily be overlooked that the first line of code is creating
a mutable map and the put method works.
The second attempt is not passing the mapped copy of results to a constructor, but directly assigning
it to a variable.
Again, I'm calling the put method, so no problems with the compilation, but when I run it.
Begin an unsupported operation exception, confirming the first put was allowed, but the second was
against an immovable object.
So let's just cut it out.
The only question on 30 that's causing the problem.
Run it again.
The familiarity disappears.
Spencer Malko to my method.
You can say we've got no errors here if we run it.
We're looking at an unsupported operation exception crashing on line 69.
The problem is with the method being called from the entry set method, the head method is not supported
by any of the collections returned from entry set Kasit or the values methods even against a mutable
map.
Let's delete those last two lines.
Posting some more code.
This coach is telling them episode of Entry's Method introduced in Javani to create an immutable map.
Well, it's posted some more Kardinia.
And here what we're doing is we're using the method of entries method call in the put all method if
we run this.
We get an area which is probably not surprising because it's an immutable map, the beautiful map,
after all, is an immutable map.
So you can't use put all to add elements to this map.
I'm going to make some changes here, I'm going to pay some CHOTE directly under this.
But I'm also going to do then is make a copy of teh copy Mirabal and changing Mirabal map to t copy
immutable.
We need to do that twice.
If the two changes to the code, they're.
Never, obviously, we've got no compilation errors if we run this now.
Back to Kyra, that's working, so although the methods map of map of entries are mapped out, entry
return, immutable objects, these can be passed to methods that they create copies of them constructors
and put all to help create mutable maps.
So this video and the last one have demonstrated at the map interface and map implementations are different
from the collection, interface and collection implementations.
I've demonstrated many of the methods, default and static that were introduced to the map interface
in Java eight, nine and 10, which leverage lambda expressions to do operations on entry values.
And in addition of showing you how you can leverage the collection interface methods and map implementations
by creating the collection views using the methods entry set key set of values.
Just remember that Ed and Ed, all methods are not supported by the collection of views you can put
on the original map and the viewers can still be used after that modification as long as they are not
being used in an operation when the modifications occur.
In the next video, I'll try to point out a few unusual constructs in the collections topic which might
turn up on the exam.
See you in the next video.